README.md, before:

﻿# QuickStarts for Microsoft Azure Mobile Services

With Microsoft Azure Mobile Services you can add a scalable backend to your connected client applications in minutes.
To learn more, visit our [Developer Center](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/develop/mobile/).

## Getting Started

If you are new to Mobile Services, you can get started by following our tutorials for connecting your Mobile
Services cloud backend to [Windows Store apps](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/mobile-services-windows-store-get-started/),
[Windows Phone 8 apps](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/mobile-services-windows-phone-get-started/),
[iOS apps](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/mobile-services-ios-get-started/),
and [Android apps](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/mobile-services-android-get-started/).

## Download Source Code

To get the source code of our SDKs and samples via **git** just type:

    git clone https://github.com/Azure/azure-mobile-services-quickstarts.git
    cd ./azure-mobile-services-quickstarts/

## Building Quickstarts

Run "C:\Windows\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v4.0.30319\MSBuild.exe .\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Build.msbuild"

Build script downloads latest official nuget packages, updates quickstarts with required versions and dependencies & packs required projects to appropriate quickstarts.

### Prerequisites

.Net Framework 4.0.

Commit message:

Update README with command line for MSBuild using private packages folder.

README.md, after:

﻿# QuickStarts for Microsoft Azure Mobile Services

With Microsoft Azure Mobile Services you can add a scalable backend to your connected client applications in minutes.
To learn more, visit our [Developer Center](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/develop/mobile/).

## Getting Started

If you are new to Mobile Services, you can get started by following our tutorials for connecting your Mobile
Services cloud backend to [Windows Store apps](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/mobile-services-windows-store-get-started/),
[Windows Phone 8 apps](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/mobile-services-windows-phone-get-started/),
[iOS apps](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/mobile-services-ios-get-started/),
and [Android apps](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/mobile-services-android-get-started/).

## Download Source Code

To get the source code of our SDKs and samples via **git** just type:

    git clone https://github.com/Azure/azure-mobile-services-quickstarts.git
    cd ./azure-mobile-services-quickstarts/

## Building Quickstarts

Run "C:\Windows\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v4.0.30319\MSBuild.exe .\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Build.msbuild"

NOTE:
If you are having trouble building with the above line, you can force MsBuild to use a private packages directory by setting NugetPackageSource appropriately: 
"C:\Windows\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v4.0.30319\MSBuild.exe /p:NugetPackageSource="C:\git\azure-mobile-services-quickstarts\backend\dotnet\private-packages;https://www.nuget.org/api/v2/" Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Build.msbuild"


Build script downloads latest official nuget packages, updates quickstarts with required versions and dependencies & packs required projects to appropriate quickstarts.

### Prerequisites

.Net Framework 4.0.
